New Contributor Instructions / Environment Setup:

The test prep application is written in Java with the Spring Boot framework, using the VS Code IDE. All collaboration will be done through GitHub.

1. Setup VS Code for Java. - If you already have VS Code installed, navigate to https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/java , and follow the 
instructions. If VS Code is not installed, navigate to https://code.visualstudio.com/ , install the IDE, being sure to specify Java development during
installation. Irregardless, you need to make sure you have Java Externsion Pack installed. This will give you the most recent JDK (Java Development
Kit). There will be options to do this throughout installation, but if you miss it, you can click the extensions button in VS Code, it's on the very
left, four little squares inbetween a monitor symbol and a beaker symbol, and then search for "Java Extension Pack" in the searchbox. When you go to
install the extension, it will send you to the Red Hat website, you'll need to create an account (it's free for individuals) and then you can download
it. After the extension is downloaded VS Code should be setup completely.

2. Cloning the repo. - You'll need a GitHub account if you don't already have one. You'll need to provide Jared with your username and he can add you
as a contributor to the repo. Once you are added, you need to open VS Code and (Unless you are already at the VS Code welcome screen) go to File --> 
Open New Window. With a new window open, select the blue link under "Start" that says "clone repository...". A drop downbox will appear at the top of
the window that says Clone from GitHub. When you click the prompt, you will be redirected to GitHub where you will be asked to login and authorize
VS Code to be able to clone from the repo - just follow the instructions. Once authorization is complete, you may need to navigate to a new window
in VS Code and click the "Clone repository" link again. Now the drop down box will have an option to search for a repository, so search "test_prep_
application", and hit enter. VS Code will then make you create a folder on your machine where you want to save the project. After doing that, the 
clone should be made, and you should see the files on your screen.

3.Spring Boot framework - tbd
